Clarify the role of `Dispatchers.Main` in 2025.1 (#1429)
JetBrains/intellij-sdk-docs: topics/basics/architectural_overview/threading/coroutines/coroutine_dispatchers.md

### `Dispatchers.Main` vs. `Dispatchers.EDT`

In Kotlin, a standard dispatcher for UI-based activities is [`Dispatchers.Main`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/kotlinx.coroutines/kotlinx-coroutines-core/kotlinx.coroutines/-dispatchers/-main.html).

<tabs>
<tab title="2025.1+">

In the IntelliJ Platform, `Dispatchers.Main` differs from `Dispatchers.EDT`:

> 1. It is forbidden to initiate read or write actions in `Dispatchers.Main`. We are treating `Dispatchers.Main` as a pure UI dispatcher, and we want to prevent accidental access to the IntelliJ Platform model to avoid UI freezes;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. It is forbidden to initiate read or write actions in `Dispatchers.Main`.
   `Dispatchers.Main` is a pure UI dispatcher, and accidental access to the IntelliJ Platform model could cause UI freezes.
```

> 2. It uses `any` [modality state](threading_model.md#invoking-operations-on-edt-and-modality) if it cannot infer modality from the coroutine context. This helps to ensure progress guarantees in libraries that use `Dispatchers.Main`.

Author: ```suggestion
2. `Dispatchers.Main` uses `any` [modality state](threading_model.md#invoking-operations-on-edt-and-modality) if it cannot infer modality from the coroutine context. This helps to ensure progress guarantees in libraries that use `Dispatchers.Main`.
```

> 2. `Dispatchers.Main` uses `any` [modality state](threading_model.md#invoking-operations-on-edt-and-modality) if it cannot infer modality from the coroutine context. This helps to ensure progress guarantees in libraries that use `Dispatchers.Main`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `Dispatchers.Main` uses `any` [modality state](threading_model.md#invoking-operations-on-edt-and-modality) if it cannot infer modality from the coroutine context.
   This helps to ensure progress guarantees in libraries that use `Dispatchers.Main`.
```
